<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
    <head>
        <title>Limnoria - a Python IRC bot</title>
        <link rel="stylesheet" href="./style.css" type="text/css" />
    </head>

    <body>
        <h1>Limnoria plugins</h1>

        <section id="introduction">
            <h2>Introduction</h2>

            This page shows a non-exhaustive list of Limnoria plugins, either built-in
            or from third-party developers; that should provide most features
            you ever dreamed of.
            If there is one missing, feel free to ask us on at 
            <a href="ircs://irc.libera.chat:6697/#limnoria">#limnoria on Libera.Chat</a>.

            When a plugin is loaded, you can explore its features via IRC with the following commands:

            <dl class="commands">
                <dt>@list</dt>
                <dd>Lists all plugins loaded in the bot</dd>

                <dt>@list &lt;Plugin&gt;</dt>
                <dd>Lists all commands available in the given Plugin</dd>

                <dt>@help &lt;command&gt;</dt>
                <dd>Shows how to use a command and what it does</dd>

                <dt>@config list supybot.plugins.&lt;Plugin&gt;</dt>
                <dd>
                    Lists configuration variables provided by the Plugin.
                    See the <a href="https://docs.limnoria.net/use/configuration.html">configuration system</a>
                    documentation for details on how to get more information on configuration variables.
                </dd>
            </dl>
        </section>

        <section id="messaging">
            <h2>Messaging</h2>

            <dl>
                <dt>Later</dt>
                <dd>
                    Allows anyone to send a message to someone while they are offline.
                    The bot will send them the message when they are back online.
                </dd>

                <dt>Note</dt>
                <dd>
                    Similar to Later, but with some authentication. It allows any user to send
                    messages to other users, as long as they are registered to the bot.
                </dd>

                <dt>Relay, <a href="https://github.com/ProgVal/Supybot-plugins/tree/master/LinkRelay">LinkRelay</a>, <a href="https://github.com/jlu5/SupyPlugins/tree/master/RelayNext">RelayNext</a></dt>
                <dd>
                    Relay messages across multiple channel/networks. Useful if your community
                    is split between different networks, but you want everyone to communicate
                    with each other.

                    <br/>

                    LinkRelay and RelayNext are third-party plugins, you can get them with the commands:
                    <code>pip3 install 'git+https://github.com/progval/Supybot-plugins.git#subdirectory=LinkRelay'</code> and
                    <code>pip3 install 'git+https://github.com/jlu5/SupyPlugins.git#subdirectory=RelayNext'</code>
                </dd>

                <dt>SedRegex</dt>
                <dd>
                    Allows you to "fix" a typo or mistake in a previous message. For example, if
                    you wrote "I love pipes" and realize your mistake, you can write
                    "s/pipes/pies/" and the bot will reply "X meant to say: I love pies".
                </dd>
            </dl>
        </section>

        <section id="factoids">
            <h2>Factoids and quotes</h2>

            <dl>
                <dt>Factoids and MoobotFactoids</dt>
                <dd>
                    Classic IRC factoids: allow users to "teach" the bot information about
                    a word, and recall it later.
                    Very useful on help channels to provide links to new users and answer
                    Frequently Asked Questions.

                    Factoids and MoobotFactoids provide the same function but with a different
                    flavor in their interface.
                </dd>

                <dt>Quote</dt>
                <dd>
                    Allows users to register arbitrary quotes, and recall them later.
                </dd>

                <dt>QuoteGrabs</dt>
                <dd>
                    Similar to Quotes, but only allows quoting something a user said recently
                    in the same channel.
                </dd>
            </dl>
        </section>

        <section id="internet-utilities">
            <h2>Internet utilities</h2>

            <dt>DDG and Google</dt>
            <dd>
                Provide searches using <a href="https://duckduckgo.com/">Duckduckgo</a>
                and <a href="https://www.google.com/">Google</a> respectively.
            </dd>

            <dt>Fediverse</dt>
            <dd>
                Experimental plugin that fetches information from the Fediverse, ie. websites that
                support ActivityPub, such as <a href="https://joinmastodon.org/">Mastodon</a>,
                <a href="https://joinpeertube.org/">PeerTube</a>, or
                <a href="https://pleroma.social/">Pleroma</a>.
            </dd>

            <dt>Internet, Web</dt>
            <dd>
                Provide commands to get some information about web pages and domains/DNS.
                Web can be configured to automatically print the title of all links shared in a channel.
            </dd>

            <dt><a href="https://github.com/oddluck/limnoria-plugins/tree/master/SpiffyTitles">SpiffyTitles</a></dt>
            <dd>
                Improved version of Web's title announcement for some websites:
                <a href="https://youtube.com" rel="nofollow">Youtube</a>,
                <a href="https://imgur.com" rel="nofollow">Imgur</a>,
                <a href="https://imdb.com" rel="nofollow">IMDB</a>,
                <a href="https://reddit.com/" rel="nofollow">Reddit</a>,
                <a href="https://twitch.tv" rel="nofollow">Twitch</a>,
                <a href="https://vimeo.com" rel="nofollow">Vimeo</a>,
                <a href="https://dailymotion.com" rel="nofollow">DailyMotion</a>, and
                <a href="https://coub.com" rel="nofollow">Coub</a>.
                This is a third-party plugin, you must install it with the command:
                <code>pip3 install 'git+https://github.com/oddluck/limnoria-plugins.git#subdirectory=SpiffyTitles'</code>
            </dd>

            <dt>ShrinkUrl</dt>
            <dd>
                Provides access to URL-shortening services: shortens URLs the bot would send
                on a channel, and optionally URLs sent by other users.
            </dd>

            <dt><a href="https://github.com/jlu5/SupyPlugins/tree/master/SysDNS">SysDNS</a></dt>
            <dd>
                Provides a command to display arbitrary DNS records (eg. <code>TXT</code>),
                instead of only <code>A</code> and <code>AAAA</code> records like the built-in
                <code>dns</code> command of the Internet plugin.
                This is a third-party plugin, you must install it with the command:
                <code>pip3 install 'git+https://github.com/jlu5/SupyPlugins.git#subdirectory=SysDNS'</code>
            </dd>

            <dt><a href="https://github.com/progval/Supybot-plugins/tree/master/Wikipedia">Wikipedia</a></dt>
            <dd>
                Answers with extracts Wikipedia articles.
                This is a third-party plugin, you must install it with the command:
                <code>pip3 install 'git+https://github.com/progval/Supybot-plugins.git#subdirectory=Wikipedia'</code>
            </dd>
        </section>

        <section id="math">
            <h2>Math</h2>

            <dt>Math</dt>
            <dd>
                Computes mathematical expressions and unit conversion.
            </dd>

            <dt><a href="https://github.com/oddluck/limnoria-plugins/tree/master/WolframAlpha">WolframAlpha</a></dt>
            <dd>
                Runs advanced computation and equation solving using
                <a href="https://www.wolframalpha.com/">wolframalpha.com</a>.
                This is a third-party plugin, you must install it with the command:
                <code>pip3 install 'git+https://github.com/oddluck/limnoria-plugins.git#subdirectory=WolframAlpha'</code>
            </dd>
        </section>

        <section id="news">
            <h2>News</h2>

            <dl>
                <dt>RSS</dt>
                <dd>
                    Provides access to RSS feeds, and announces them automatically on channels.
                </dd>

                <dt><a href="https://github.com/jlu5/SupyPlugins/tree/master/NuWeather">NuWeather</a></dt>
                <dd>
                    Provides commands to display the current weather and forecasts.
                    This is a third-party plugin, you must install it with the command:
                    <code>pip3 install 'git+https://github.com/jlu5/SupyPlugins.git#subdirectory=NuWeather'</code>
                </dd>
            </dl>
        </section>

        <section id="forges">
            <h2>Development Forges</h2>

            <p>
                <dt><a href="https://github.com/bugzilla/limnoria-bugzilla">Bugzilla</a></dt>
                <dd>
                    Queries Bugzilla installations, shows details about bugs, and announces bugmails sent from Bugzilla.
                    This is a third-party plugin, you must install it with the command:
                    <code>pip3 install 'git+https://github.com/bugzilla/limnoria-bugzilla.git'</code>
                </dd>

                <dt><a href="https://git.launchpad.net/~krytarik/ubuntu-bots/+git/ubuntu-bots/tree/Bugtracker">Bugtracker</a></dt>
                <dd>
                    Shows details about bug reports, commits, or pull requests when mentioned by URL.
                    Supports various bug trackers, including: Bugzilla, Debbugs, GitHub, GitLab, Gitea, Launchpad, CGit, Mantis, SourceForge, and Trac
                    This is a third-party plugin, you must install it with the command:
                    <code>pip3 install "git+https://git.launchpad.net/~krytarik/ubuntu-bots/+git/ubuntu-bots#subdirectory=Bugreporter"</code>
                </dd>

                <dt><a href="https://github.com/ProgVal/Supybot-plugins/tree/master/GitHub">GitHub</a></dt>
                <dd>
                    Announces events from GitHub repositories.
                    This is a third-party plugin, you must install it with the command:
                    <code>pip3 install 'git+https://github.com/progval/Supybot-plugins.git#subdirectory=GitHub'</code>
                </dd>

                <dt><a href="https://github.com/mlq/limnoria-gitlab">Gitlab</a></dt>
                <dd>
                    Announces events from GitLab repositories.
                    This is a third-party plugin; you must install it with the shell command:
                    <code>cd ~/yourbot/plugins/; git clone https://github.com/mlq/limnoria-gitlab.git Gitlab</code>
                </dd>

                <dt><a href="https://forge.softwareheritage.org/source/limnoria-plugins/browse/master/Phabricator/">Phabricator</a></dt>
                <dd>
                    Shows details about Differentials and Tasks when mentioned by id.
                    This is a third-party plugin, you must download it with the command:
                    <code>git clone https://forge.softwareheritage.org/source/limnoria-plugins.git swh-limnoria-plugins</code>
                    then add the <code>swh-limnoria-plugins</code> directory to the
                    <code>supybot.directories.plugins</code> configuration before loading it.
                </dd>
            </p>
        </section>

        <section id="nested-commands">
            <h2>Creating custom commands</h2>

            <p>
                Limnoria allows you to create custom commands, that may call other commands themselves
                (aka. nested commands).
                This allows you powerful customization of your bot, without writing a single line
                of code.
            </p>
            <p>
                This may remind you of shell scripting, but with <code>[subcommand arg1 arg2]</code>
                instead of <code>$(subcommand arg1 arg2)</code>.
            </p>
            <p>
                The following plugins provide handy commands to create your own custom commands.
            </p>

            <dl>
                <dt>Aka, Alias</dt>
                <dd>
                    Allows you to create a command with a name, that users can call like any other command.
                    (Alias is the ancestor of Aka, and is only kept for backward compatibility,
                    you usually won't use it anymore.)
                </dd>

                <dt>Conditional</dt>
                <dd>
                    Provides commands that call other commands conditionally. For example, this allows
                    you to run a command only if a target user is in the channel.
                </dd>

                <dt>MessageParser</dt>
                <dd>
                    Allows you to configure triggers (regular expressions), that will automatically
                    run a command when a user says something (a word, a message full of upper-case
                    letters, numbers, ...).
                </dd>

                <dt>Filter, Format, String, Utilities</dt>
                <dd>
                    Provide various utility commands, check them out with <code>@list Utilities</code>.
                </dd>

                <dt>Scheduler</dt>
                <dd>
                    Allows you to run a command some time in the future; or at a recurring interval.
                </dd>
            </dl>
        </section>

        <section id="bot-management">
            <h2>Bot management</h2>

            <dl>
                <dt>Admin</dt>
                <dd>
                    Provides commands for bot administrators; mostly
                    <a href="https://docs.limnoria.net/use/capabilities.html">permission management</a>
                    and joining/leaving channels.
                </dd>

                <dt>Config</dt>
                <dd>
                    Provides all the commands to configure the bot, see the documentation of the
                    <a href="https://docs.limnoria.net/use/configuration.html">configuration system</a>.
                </dd>

                <dt>Owner</dt>
                <dd>
                    Provides commands for the bot owner: renaming commands, stopping the bot,
                    granting capabilities globally to users.
                </dd>

                <dt>Network</dt>
                <dd>
                    Provides commands to connect and disconnect to IRC networks,
                    send whois queries, get latency, and network statistics.
                </dd>

                <dt>PluginDownloader</dt>
                <dd>
                    Allows you to download and install third-party plugins from IRC --
                    without touching the shell
                </dd>

                <dt>Services</dt>
                <dd>
                    Authenticates the bot to network services (eg. NickServ). Nowadays, this is
                    usually not needed anymore, as most network support standard IRC authentication (SASL).
                </dd>
            </dl>
        </section>

        <section id="channel-management">
            <h2>Channel management</h2>

            <dl>
                <dt>AutoMode</dt>
                <dd>
                    Allows you to automatically make users op (+o) or voice (+v) when they join,
                    or ban them (+b).
                </dd>

                <dt>BadWords</dt>
                <dd>
                    Prevents the bot from saying some words, and/or to kick users who use them.
                </dd>

                <dt>Channel</dt>
                <dd>
                    Generic commands to manage a channel: adding capabilities to users within a channel,
                    ignoring users, opping/voicing, making the bot silent.
                </dd>

                <dt>ChanTracker</dt>
                <dd>
                    Advanced ban management tracking, designed for operators of large channels
                    This is a third-party plugin; you must install it with the shell command:
                    <code>cd ~/yourbot/plugins/; git clone https://github.com/ncoevoet/ChanTracker.git</code>
                </dd>

                <dt>ChannelLogger</dt>
                <dd>Writes channel logs on disk</dd>

                <dt>Protector</dt>
                <dd>
                    Automatically restores op status of users supposed to be op, if they happen
                    to be deopped by someone.
                </dd>

                <dt>Topic</dt>
                <dd>
                    Allows users to add and remove sections to the topic. Handy if you don't
                    want to rewrite the whole topic every time.
                </dd>
            </dl>
        </section>

        <section id="user-management">
            <h2>User management</h2>

            <dl>
                <dt>GPG</dt>
                <dd>
                    Allows users to authenticate to their account without a password,
                    using their GnuPG key.
                </dd>

                <dt>NickAuth</dt>
                <dd>
                    Allows users to authenticate to their account without a password,
                    using their existing account with network services. (This only works
                    on networks that provide this kind of service, usually called
                    NickServ.)
                </dd> 

                <dt>User</dt>
                <dd>
                    Provides commands for users to manage their own accounts: registration,
                    login, adding a hostmask to their account (to be recognized automatically).
                </dd>
            </dl>
        </section>

        <section id="more">
            <h2>And more!</h2>

            Other built-in plugins not mentioned above are:

            <ul>
                <li>Anonymous</li>
                <li>ChannelStats</li>
                <li>Ctcp</li>
                <li>Debug</li>
                <li>Dict</li>
                <li>Dunno</li>
                <li>Games</li>
                <li>Hashes</li>
                <li>Herald</li>
                <li>Karma</li>
                <li>Lart</li>
                <li>Limiter</li>
                <li>Misc</li>
                <li>News</li>
                <li>NickCapture</li>
                <li>Nickometer</li>
                <li>Plugin</li>
                <li>Praise</li>
                <li>Relay</li>
                <li>Reply</li>
                <li>Seen</li>
                <li>Status</li>
                <li>Success</li>
                <li>Time</li>
                <li>Todo</li>
                <li>Unix</li>
                <li>URL</li>
            </ul>

            and there are dozens more of third-party plugins on the web.
        </section>

    </body>
</html>
